Readme.md, before:

# TallyGo iOS Reference App

This reference app is provided to demonstrate how to use the [TallyGo SDK](https://tallygo.com). The examples within correspond to the examples published on our [documentation site](https://tallygo.com/docs/ios). Check it out for further explanation!

The app comes in two flavors: Swift and Objective-C. They are functionally identical, so pick the one you like best!

## Prerequisites

While the TallyGo SDK itself doesn't require CocoaPods ([see our docs](https://tallygo.com/docs/ios) for more info), the reference app does, so you will need to [install CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org) before using the reference app.

Some of the later examples work in conjunction with our [reference server](https://github.com/tallygo/TallyGo-Reference-Server). These ones are noted as such, so don't worry about setting this up unless you are interested in those specifically.

## Setup

In Terminal, `cd` to the reference app, and then run `pod install` before you open the project for the first time.

Commit message:

Add note about access token

Readme.md, after:

# TallyGo iOS Reference App

This reference app is provided to demonstrate how to use the [TallyGo SDK](https://tallygo.com). The examples within correspond to the examples published on our [documentation site](https://tallygo.com/docs/ios). Check it out for further explanation!

The app comes in two flavors: Swift and Objective-C. They are functionally identical, so pick the one you like best!

## Prerequisites

While the TallyGo SDK itself doesn't require CocoaPods ([see our docs](https://tallygo.com/docs/ios) for more info), the reference app does, so you will need to [install CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org) before using the reference app.

Some of the later examples work in conjunction with our [reference server](https://github.com/tallygo/TallyGo-Reference-Server). These ones are noted as such, so don't worry about setting this up unless you are interested in those specifically.

## Setup

1. In Terminal, `cd` to the reference app, and then run `pod install` before you open the project for the first time.

2. In Xcode, open `AppDelegate.swift` or `AppDelegate.m` (for Swift or Objective-C, respectively) and paste your TallyGo access token. If you don't have an access token yet, [get one here for free](https://tallygo.com/signup). The app will not run without a valid access token.
